add href link to transfer and flight ..

add rent cars ..

edit on trips ..

add cruise ..

a3ks el flight ..

complete landing page design and fix problem ..

add name of project ..

add logo ..

shof izay hta5od elflos w t3amol kol company ..

make navbar responsive ..

kol section fe page lowa7do ..

link previous social media to landing page ..

deploy on server ..

make /about.index -> /about ..

put long time bootstrap url ..

zapat face and insta and gmail ..

how to get money ..

choose country to start with .. -> egypt   start with 20,000 L.E 

choose what services do you start with  .. -> flight and trips

remove address from footer ..

update insta link ..

3del fe el site w khali kol madina m3 nfsaha ..

buy domain ..

add new domain to social media ..

add posts 40 trips  ..

add transfer, flight and car rental posts

make /home -> / only

link bank account

call magdy to get abdelazzez phone

call abdelazzez

make ads




Testing and Validation:
Google: You can use the Google Rich Results Test to see how your site appears in search results.
Facebook: Use the Facebook Sharing Debugger to check how your site will look when shared on Facebook and fix any issues.
Twitter: Use the Twitter Card Validator to preview how your site will appear on Twitter.

Save time and effort on affiliate links.
Try LinkSwitcher!
LinkSwitcher is a JavaScript script that helps monetize content more efficiency
It turns relevant regular links and links from other affiliate platforms into Travelpayouts affiliate links
It quickly identifies and helps fixing broken links in your content
You decide which pages and brands to apply it to and you can pause it anytime

Referral program
Do I get revenue for encouraging new affiliates to sign up with Travelpayouts?
Yes. Our partnership program has a referral program that provides an additional way to gain revenue by recruiting new partners. You distribute a referral link with your embedded Travelpayouts ID (you can find it here) for signing up with the platform and get 7% of the earnings generated by your referrals (i.e., the partners who signed up using your link) for the first two years after the referral’s initial sign up.

Example:

The total revenue from the sale of a flight ticket is $100
Affiliate revenue — $60
Affiliate referral revenue — $7
Travelpayouts revenue — $33
The referral percentage comes out of Travelpayouts share, meaning you and the new partner are not taking money away from each other!

Important: You may not use your own referral URL to register other sites you own. If this rule is violated, we reserve the right to terminate your account at any time without payout or compensation.



collect each company that you integrate with :
	flight : trip 1% 
		Only paid search ads without the brand’s name or logo are allowed
		t7sel b3d 1 month
	
	trips : Tiqets 8%
		An action is labeled as "Paid" immediately after payment.
		Only paid search ads without the brand’s name or logo are allowed
		-- try to connect with https://www.getyourguide.com/  --> A booking gets the "Confirmed" status on the 5th day of the new month for the activities completed in the previous month.
	
	transfer : kiwitaxi 9-11%  
		Only paid search ads without the brand’s name or logo are allowed
	
	car rental : QEEQ 5-10% 
		Only paid search ads without the brand’s name or logo are allowed
		paid in 30 - 180 days (avg 30 days)
	
	cruise : searadar 5%  
		Only paid search ads without the brand’s name or logo are allowed
		Payment is made upon completion of a trip


	# rakez 3la el flight and transfer

	https://chatgpt.com/share/81a86cd9-21f2-4b82-a064-2c5f1165eff2